Set1 (#2)
ORGelling/FBC-course: Set1/06/exercise6info.txt

Reviewer: Looks good! I couldn't come up with more than 4 😅

Author: Hehehe thanks :D

Exercise 6

We must use all the different operators ONCE to check if a number is even or 
odd 6 times. We base this heavily off of the fact that true and false are also
represented as 1 (or any nonzero value) and 0 respectively, to simplify the 
code.

Our first method simply uses modulo 2 to check if the answer is 0 (false/even)
or 1 (true/odd).

Our second uses the bitwise OR operator to compare the LSB to the number 1. If 
the LSB of our input value is the same we have an odd number, else we are odd. 
This gives us a clear even and odd check.

Our third bitshifts the number one step to the right and then back to the left
and compares it to the initial input value. If they are different the LSB was 1
and was replaced by a 0 due to the bitshift back.

> Our fourth divides by two and then multiplies by two, and then checks if the 
> number has changed from the input. If it has we have lost 0.5 due to this type
> not carying decimals. It will then be an odd number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our fourth divides by two and then multiplies by two, and then checks if the 
number has changed from the input. If the input was an even number, then the
resulting value should be the same. Otherwise, integer division truncates the
intermediate value towards zero, thus losing it's decimal. Multiplying the
value by two then does not result in a value as the original input value.
```

Our fifth uses bitwise OR to see if the last bit stays the same (if it is 1) or
if it flips (when it is 0). If the new value is the same as the input we have 
an odd number, else even.

Our sixth uses bitwise XOR with 1 to see whether the bit goes from 0 to 1, or 
from 1 to 0. If the new value is our input + 1 we had an even number, as the

> LSB was 0, otherwise it was odd, as the LSB was then 1 and got set to 0.

Reviewer: Suggestion: to stay consistent with method 2 and 3, we could also use LSB here?

Author: Yep!
